Add dev container configuration (#434)
withastro/starlight: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Setting up a development environment

You can [develop locally](#developing-locally) or use an online coding development environment like [GitHub Codespaces](#developing-using-github-codespaces) or [Gitpod](#developing-using-gitpod) to get started quickly.

#### Developing locally

> **Prerequisites:** Make sure you have these installed before continuing.
> 
> ```shell
> node: "^>=16.12.0"
> pnpm: "^8.2.0"
> ```

Reviewer: It’s a shame to lose the links as those both include install instructions for those who need them. How about this if we want to mention the supported versions?

```suggestion
**Prerequisites:** Developing Starlight requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) (v16 or higher) and [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) (v8.2 or higher). Make sure you have these installed before following these steps.
```

Author: I personally agree. Changed to be consistent with https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#prerequisites .

   pnpm i
   ```

#### Developing using Gitpod
#### Developing using GitHub Codespaces

To get started, create a codespace for this repository by clicking this 👇

> Instead of working locally on your machine, you can also contribute using an online coding development environment like Gitpod.

Reviewer: I think this line was important to distinguish the Gitpod instructions from the local ones.

How about a “Developing online” heading followed by a variation of this sentence before we get to the GitHub and Gitpod headings? (Those would then become h5 instead of h4.)

Your new codespace will open in a web-based version of Visual Studio Code. All development dependencies will be preinstalled.

> > **Note**
> > Dev containers is now an open spec which is supported by [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces) and [other supporting tools](https://containers.dev/supporting).
> 

Reviewer: I think we can remove this as it’s not really relevant to someone wanting to contribute.

```suggestion
```

Author: Except providing a hint that the same devcontainer can be used in other ways, like VSCode with Docker Desktop (how I work).

Also based on https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#using-github-codespaces-for-development
